Hi guys, in this tutorial I want to show
you how to download Shade PS4
uh for free and play PS4 games in your
computer for free.
Okay, first thing first, let's go here
and search for seed
seed 4 PS4. This one first link. After
that, let's download it. Go to
downloads.
Download the first one PS4 KT Luncher
Guy Windows. Okay, hit download and
downloading HB.
Okay, fine. Let's open the path. Now
download the winner and go here
extracted.
Extract files right here in this folder.
Okay, this is my shade PS4
launcher one to PS4.
I want to add
here in documents or in desktop.
Use any folder. Okay, as you want. Okay,
for me I want to use uh this
desktop
and create new folder.
this folder and name it PS4
uh ROS sorry
and this folder we want to create
another folder name it
PS4
and this folder I want to add my PS4
files PS4 games okay
and now let's uh search for PG editor
to extract our PS4 games.
First link
and go right here. This is my the
interface.
Okay. In this place there is no link.
Okay. Let's go to the second link. Okay.
P editor. download this file.
Okay,
it's written right here. Close this one.
I go to download this compressed
editor and this one.
Extract.
Now let's return here to box editor.
Open it.
Go to file open. Choose any game from
those.
Okay. Let's choose simple one.
Let's choose this watch stocks.
Watch stocks one. Okay. Before
extracted, we have to
copy this KFA file and return right here
to my documents.
Uh okay. Where is my roomus? Okay. And
this place. Okay. Press for
create new folder.
Paste this cell.
No.
And good. Good. Good.
Okay. And now export this one right here
in our folder your PS4 ka and hit save.
Okay, it takes some time to extract all
those files.
Okay, fine. The extracting of the game
is finished. Close this.
Turn here to cusa. This is the files of
the game. Now
uh let's return right here to my sheet
PS4 file boot game
desktop. Okay. peaceful and just discuss
it.
And this one you put and the game is
booted.
Okay, this my game is worked perfectly.
Okay, new game.
It takes 4 GB of RAM and
14 GB of RAM. It's a lot 5 GB is memory.
14 GB of RAM.
Okay, let's close this game.
Close the imitation.
Okay, thank you guys for watching this
all for this uh tutorial.